so we're here now at CES and we're
trying to find fatality who's one of the
most recognizable names of professional
gaming we hear yours upstairs the
creative booth so we're going to go up
check see how he's doing talk a little
bit about his professional gaming career
and something you wouldn't expect world
of warcraft once you come along
all right so we found Jonathan fatality
Wendell and we're here talking to him
how you doing Jonathan good man just do
my show and kickin but not happy new
year avenue to man so I you know been
watching you out there you're a 12-time
world champion and compass in five
different games what's it like to play
you know a bunch of random randoms like
a plan here I mean it's just it's full
of entertainment trying to entertain the
crowd and get them excited about my
product line and so forth and I just
show them what takes to be a top pro
gamer show them what skills i'm using
the game what I'm thinking and stuff so
the given little education so a lot of
young guys come here too and they're
always trying to set up their games so
they get a chance to ask me some
questions like 12 1 101 and visually to
try to help them out a little bit but
hope that were trying fun entertain
people ok so we saw the difficulty wheel
out there I get to spin and then what
does that do well just handicaps me a
lot so we try to do it while I'm doing
201 so I'm taking the handicap of two
people verse me then we're doing you
know I'm playing one-handed or shrink
screen you know quake hero where I
actually have a guitar but favorite good
keyboard a mouse and then just just a
lot of different handicaps like that you
know just try to make it fair as
possible and even all the handicap that
you had with that wheel you've only
gotten frag once I heard you got Frank
yesterday yeah I got fried yesterday and
also once today so I still won the
matches but you know those guys got the
kills I mean it's really hard man when
do you have no guns or just wrap their
fists and your have to try killers guys
it's really hard so I have to be very
careful how I engage the combatants with
that and I'm able to be pretty sneaky
definitely so you know you're a
professional gamer but you also you're a
gamer at heart you know you casual stuff
too and I know you play World of
Warcraft you've been digging on that
lately yeah my brother is super addicted
to these level 80 already you know he's
a warrior and I started I went home for
Thanksgiving and we had this triple XP
program thing they had going on I was
like okay I'll play with it someone has
to tell my brother and hang out and
right and so we start playing wow and
about two weeks later I had a level 60
character because triple XP and him
taking me around everywhere
I got to level 60 pretty fast 5 to level
six years now I have a row getting a
death knight and I think I also have a
warrior well I have three level 60 s now
who's your 60 my shell 3i three of them
now because they give the thirty dollar
thirty 30 level gift whoever took them
whoever whoever the dealers and so but
i'm using death knight I think death
knight school so I like use a grappling
hook it's kind of like scorpion and
mortal kombat you know get over here so
i'm really into it I play a lot of pvp
really intriguing i was actually pretty
surprised actually can i really enjoyed
playing the pvp mode and so on i think
that's why i like the most man i'm
really into competing against people not
so much the computer but you know going
off and doing the things that if my
brother was pretty fun and i look
forward plans tomorrow you know i think
it's a good game and i might look
forward to sponsoring some players might
play while later this year through
fatality gaming here and was creative so
we're really trying to push forward on
that right you know Blizzard has a great
eSports program you know the worldwide
Invitational for example you know there
are a lot of really good Wow
professionals to play will work out to
go over there and you know kick some
butt do you ever see yourself doing
something like that you want to keep
this more of a casual thing i think i'm
gonna keep more casual but i think i'm
gonna go into professional way vows I'll
go out and find the best players and
sponsored them to travel around earnings
natality Brandon and support our Park
language creative so I just wanted to
show people that you know you know
gaming is great it's a lot of fun and
you know for do fatality and creative
we're just trying to basically and
increase and increase that performance
and that experience so that's my main
goal and it'd be fun i'm really looking
forward to sponsoring some guys you know
you have all your professional gear for
your FPS gaming what it what kind of
stuff do you use for a while oh well you
know i mean it's a pretty
straightforward game you know i mean but
you know obviously i still want to have
the cool sound effects are gas and
that's why we're promoting to the wow
community and stuff with through the
creative and fatality sound card so we
have our new x5 fatality titanium sound
card never fatality headphones and we
just want to increase the performance
also the experience of playing games and
that's the whole the whole point of it
you know just
more fun and more entertaining and you
know just have a good time and I just
want to I playing wow the casual thing
and you listened all the cool sound
effects to have in the game it is cool
to hear it as best point Wow if you had
to pick one of your products to best
highlight world warcraft press highlight
year playing performance which read your
paper you know I think the headphones be
a cool thing obviously with the
microphone is the dead taxable
microphone talking to your friends you
know talking to build members and trying
to do your certain things going to do in
the game that's I would say the
headphones were one of the best items
for a while player but you know I mean
all of it all my products are trying to
tribute to any gamer does not what gave
me play but we're trying to a tribute
more to the wild community as well okay
so then do you use any our resource
sites or anything like that well of
course you know i was first get involved
while using thoughtbot obviously so you
know it's very easy to get to the quest
and so forth and use that service so my
brother and everyone put me on to it and
just got word of mouth you know happened
awesome well hey it's been a real
pleasure talking to you I really
appreciate you taking the time away from
your stage here and meet with us this is
a Jonathan fatality Windle he might
sponsor you a professional wild players
soon thank you for watching
you